{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20960\viewh8660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Ames_Housing_Price_Data - untouched CSV with housing data and features\
\
Ames_Real_Estate_Data - untouched CSV that was used to get location of houses.  It has other features but none seemed useful\
\
locations - CSV with PID, SalesPrice, Neighborhood, Prop_Addr, latitude, longitude, street_name,  and Neighborhood_st. THIS IS MISSING ROWS.  WILL LOOK AT ON MAR 4TH AND FIX\
\
housing_no_na - CSV created from Ames_Housing_Price.  This CSV has all missing values filled in and contains all the features with no additional features added and no outliers removed.\
\
housing_cleaned - created from housing_no_na.\
	- Added TotalPorchSF column which is the sum of OpenPorchSF, EnclosedPorch, ScreenPorch, and   3SnPorch\
\
	- Added Age feature which is the age of house when sold\
	- Added RemodAge feature which is the amount of years from the time it was remodeled until it was sold. \
	- Added TotalSF which is the GrLivArea and TotalBsmtSf added together\
	- Added Remodeled which is binary, 0 for if the house wasn\'92t remodeled and 1 if it was.\
	- Added TotalPorchSF which is the OpenPorchSfF, EnclosedPorch, ScreenPorch and 3SsnPorch columns added together\
	- Added TotalBath feature which is adding FullBath and BsmtFullBath.  Then adding HalfBath and BsmtHalfBath multiplied by.5 to account for it being half a bathroom\
	- Added MSSubClass_cat which is the MSSubClass column but converted to a categorical feature since it is a category.  I kept MSSubClass which should be removed before modeling\
\
	- Dropped two outliers with GrLivArea over 4000SqFt. \
	- Dropped columns "3SsnPorch", "PoolArea", "MiscFeature", "LowQualFinSF\'94,  'MiscVal\'92 due to no relationship with SalePrice and highly imbalanced distribution.  \
	- For observations with a misc feature, the value of that feature was subtracted from the SalePrice before MiscVal column was dropped.   }